‎Jehovah loved and cared for the Israelites
‎as his “treasured possession.”
‎But how did they respond to God’s love?
‎By worshipping false gods
‎in the very temple that bore his name!
‎They broke Jehovah’s heart
‎and brought reproach upon his name.
‎Why did Israel sink so low?
‎What can we learn
from Ezekiel’s prophecy
‎about Jerusalem’s destruction?
‎Those questions are answered
‎in section 2 of the book
‎Pure Worship of Jehovah
—Restored At Last!
‎This section is based
‎on Ezekiel 5:11 and is entitled
‎“It Was My Sanctuary That You Defiled.”
‎The first chapter of this section focuses
‎on apostate Judah’s spiritual and moral decline.
‎Ezekiel knew the Mosaic Law well.
‎He knew what was involved
in giving Jehovah pure worship,
‎but he saw things happening
at the temple in Jerusalem
‎that would shock
any faithful worshipper of Jehovah.
‎Turn, please, to Ezekiel 8:9,
‎and read along with me:
‎“He said to me:
‘Go in and see
‎the evil, detestable things
that they are doing here.’”
‎This passage sets
the scene for chapter 5,
‎“See the Evil, Detestable Things
That They Are Doing.”
‎As you study this chapter,
‎look for the answers
to the following questions:
‎What does Jehovah
rightly expect of his worshippers,
‎and how can you live up
to his expectation?
‎In what ways did the Israelites
‎become spiritually unclean,
‎but how can you keep spiritually clean?
‎And why are you determined
‎to stay morally clean?
‎As you consider this material,
ask yourself,
‎‘What temptations must I resist
‎if I’m to remain spiritually clean?’
‎Please be assured
‎that Jehovah will give you
the strength you need
‎to reject any temptation
‎or to overcome any unclean habit.
‎Only if we remain clean
‎can we give Jehovah what he deserves
‎—our pure worship.